What baby? Are you pregnant?
Yes. It's ours.
Look, I get it if you don't want to get involved.
But I'm keeping it. And I won't be bothering you.
Did the doctor say you're good to go?
Yeah, he said everything's fine.
Well, let's go.
Where are we going?
Well, we're going to get married.
Are you sure about this?
You father, I'm not going to let you risk spending a while.
Congratulations.
We need to are now officially married.
I guess you better start calling me a husband.
I guess I'd better start trying.
Of groceries. How can you be so irresponsible?
I'm fine. Thanks for asking.
Besides, I just got married, so I'm dumb babysitting you.
Goodbye, Mom.
Sarah.
Is everything all right?
Mommy's here. Mommy's not going to let anyone hurt you.